Update ingress controller docs (#439)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx

- `ingress-nginx`: ingress-controller that serves all the inbound traffic to the Okteto cluster, including Buildkit, Registry, Okteto API, Okteto Frontend and users' ingresses.
- `okteto-nginx`: ingress-controller dedicated to serve users' ingresses inbound traffic. By default, it is deployed behind `ingress-nginx`.

### Okteto Ingress Controllers

> Okteto has two nginx-related keys you can define in your configuration file (`config.yaml`): `ingress-nginx` and `okteto-nginx`. These each serve a different function.

Author: ```suggestion
Okteto has two nginx-related keys you can define in your configuration file (e.g. `config.yaml` or any other config file where you specify these keys): `ingress-nginx` and `okteto-nginx`. These each serve a different function.
```

#### ingress-nginx

This key is used to specify ingress behavior for Okteto's platform components (e.g. api, buildkit, registry) and supports passthrough/proxy behavior to `okteto-nginx`. This configuration will serve through a `*.$subdomain` internal ingress pointing to `okteto-nginx`. This ingress controller resides within the control plane of the Okteto cluster.

#### okteto-nginx

> This key is used to specify ingress behavior specifically for development container ingresses. This configuration is used to parse and register develeoper ingresses. This ingress controller resides within the cluster and manages ingress to and between developer applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This key is used to specify ingress behavior specifically for development environments. This configuration is used to parse and register developer ingresses. This ingress controller resides within the cluster and manages ingress to and between developer applications.
```
